What method of recording did the earliest phonographs use?: 
What were the big three recording companies in the early years of the recording industry?: 
What was a big advantage of electrical recording?:
What was Columbia's first recording that used electric microphones?: 
What was the name of the laboratory that invented electric recording?: 
What material was used for early recording on cylinders?: 
Why was the divide between the recording artists and recordists so important in electric recordings?
What was the name of the machine built to take advantage of the power of electric recording?
Who invented the first working phonograph that played back sound?
Which of the following home recordists recorded Woodrow Wilson's Armistice day speech in 1923?
Early phonographs came with recording attachments and blank cylinders/records?
Which of the following record producers successfully produced the first jazz album with Decca Records?
Which early film star opposed the spread of recording devices into the home?
The recording studio is just as important to the quality of a recording as the musicians are. 
Which of the following were major record labels in WWI era USA?
What was the name of the magazine that published early home recording guides?
Which of the following was a consequence of the new demand for radio content?
Which of the following studios got their start in Cleveland, Ohio?
How many minutes of music could the original LP records hold?
What recording medium initially replaced wax cylinders in high end studios?
What record company released Strange Fruit in 1939?
What invention allowed for the rerecording and editing of recordings so that engineers could splice together different takes?
What musical artist worked to promoted Ampex tape machines?
What type of microphone had enough improvements to allow for single-mic recordings of an entire orchestra?
All recording engineers and studios made the jump to stereo right away and believed in its potential. 
What years were the initial musician's strike over recording royalties? 
What was the first commercially released tape machine that was not suitable for professional music recording?
Talk about the studio innovations of the Beatles and the Beach Boys in the 1960s?: 
Explain microphones and postware microphone improvements?: 